Adds development priorities to documentation (#284)
AxiSEMunity/AxiSEM3D: doc/sphinx/source/intro.md

Please consider using the following text in your Acknowledgments section:

    We thank ....

### Getting Help

For questions about AxiSEM3D on all levels, please use the [AxiSEM3D forum](https://community.geodynamics.org/c/axisem).

See also [CONTRIBUTING.md](../../../CONTRIBUTING.md).

### Development
AxiSEM3D is being developed as a community code project. As such, we rely on the community to help maintain and contiribute new features to the code.

> Development priorities arise from community consensus. The developoment priorites are maaintained as separate [GitHub issues](https://github.com/AxiSEMunity/AxiSEM3D/issues?q=is%3Aissue%20state%3Aopen%20label%3ADEV%3Ahigh%2CDEV%3Alow%2CDEV%3Amedium) and maybe assigned high, medium, or low priority according to community ranking.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Development priorities arise from community consensus. The development priorites are maintained as separate [GitHub issues](https://github.com/AxiSEMunity/AxiSEM3D/issues?q=is%3Aissue%20state%3Aopen%20label%3ADEV%3Ahigh%2CDEV%3Alow%2CDEV%3Amedium) and maybe assigned high, medium, or low priority according to community ranking.
```
